# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Summary
This dataset contains data about UCI Bank marketing. We seek to predict if client will subscribe to a term deposit with the bank.

**In 1-2 sentences, explain the solution: e.g. "The best performing model was a ..."**
The best performing model is model trained using Automated ML with VotingEnsemble as the best ML algorithm. The model accuracy is slighty higher.

## Scikit-learn Pipeline
**Explain the pipeline architecture, including data, hyperparameter tuning, and classification algorithm.**
Model trained using SKLearn estimator used HyperDrive for tuning 2 parameters, Regulaization penalty (--C) and max interation (--max-iter). The training script (train.py) used scikit-learn LogisticRegression to perform classification.

**What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose?**
RandomParameterSampling is used to randomly choose hyperparameter value for training, which reduce training time, with  performance/accuracy that can match with GridParameterSampling that perform all combination hyperparameter valud setting

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose?**

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**
AutoML select

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**
AutoML perform much better compare to model trained using Hyperdrive hyperparameter tuning. This could due to to AutoML ability to use different type of model algorithm to train with hyperparameter tuning, while Hyperdrive is only using hyperparameter tuning.

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up
**If you did not delete your compute cluster in the code, please complete this section. Otherwise, delete this section.**
**Image of cluster marked for deletion**
